.TH NYAFLIX 1 "2025-02-07" "nyaflix 1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
nyaflix \- stream anime from the terminal
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B nyaflix
[\fITITLE...\fR] [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
nyaflix is a command-line utility that streams anime directly from your terminal. It searches for anime torrents on nyaa.si based on a given TITLE query and provides an interactive selection interface. Once you select a torrent, nyaflix either prints the magnet link or streams the content via peerflix using your chosen media player.
.PP
By default, nyaflix streams using \fBmpv\fR. To switch to VLC, use the \fB--vlc\fR option.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-m\fR, \fB--magnet-only\fR
Display the magnet link(s) for the selected torrent(s) and exit without starting a stream.
.TP
\fB--vlc\fR
Use VLC in place of mpv as the streaming player.
.TP
\fB--help\fR
Show this help message and exit.
.TP
Options passed after \fB--\f will be passed to peerflix.
Notice you can use \fB--\f twice and it will be passed to the player of your choice.
.SH USAGE
Supply any search query as one or more initial argument(s). If you prefer to see a full list of results, simply omit the query. The script treats all non-flag arguments as part of the search term.
.PP
For example, to search for “solo leveling” and stream using VLC:
.nf
   nyaflix solo leveling --vlc
.fi
.SH EXAMPLES
.IP "1." 4
Stream “One Piece” with the default player (mpv):
.nf
   nyaflix one piece
.fi
.IP "2." 4
Perform a broad search (i.e. list all available content) using mpv:
.nf
   nyaflix
.fi
.IP "3." 4
run peerflix with quiet mode and pass fullscreen to vlc
.nf
   nyaflix --vlc -- --quiet -- --fullscreen
.fi
.SH DEPENDENCIES
nyaflix requires the following external utilities:
.TP
curl
.TP
lynx
.TP
fzf
.TP
peerflix
.TP
parallel
.TP
mpv
.SH FILES
During operation, temporary files may be created under \fB/tmp/torrent-stream/\fR. These are cleaned up automatically when free space in \fB/tmp\fR falls below a set threshold.
.SH AUTHOR
Moshe Sherman \fE<mtshrmn@gmail.com>\fR
.SH CREDITS
The scraping functionality used in nyaflix is adapted from \fBnyaash\fR, available at \fBhttps://notabug.org/BezierQuadratic/nyaash\fR.
.SH LICENSE
nyaflix is free software; you can redistribute and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License or (at your option) any later version. See \fBhttps://www.gnu.org/licenses/\fR for details.
.SH BUGS
No known bugs. Please report any issues to the author.
.SH SEE ALSO
peerflix(1), mpv(1), vlc(1), fzf(1), nyaash(1)
